[Music]
that's me
do i sense a new romance blasphemy
we just graduated it's summer we're all
going to college soon we were just
having fun
i'm fbi agent richard cantrell and i'd
like to ask you a few questions
are tilly and i in danger that's why i'm
here this man
may be connected look at you uh big
strong
man no longer the child huh you've got
my brother
[Music]
who is the symptom i see with the
depiction club she's a risk
she's a local girl
[Music]
stay with you i'll be there as soon as i
can okay
you lied to me no it's my brother
you see those two pegs up there that's a
special surprise for the americans
whatever you had planned it's not
happening
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you